add Identity samples (#16698)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/identity/identity/samples/AzureIdentityExamples.md

  - [Authenticating Azure Hosted Applications](#authenticating-azure-hosted-applications)
- [Chaining credentials](#chaining-credentials)
- [Authenticating With Azure Stack using Azure Identity](#authenticating-with-azure-stack-using-azure-identity)
- [Advanced Examples](#advanced-examples)
  - [Custom Credentials](#custom-credentials)
  - [Authenticating with a pre-fetched access token](#authenticating-with-a-pre-fetched-access-token).
  - [Authenticating with MSAL directly](#authenticating-with-msal-directly).
    - [Authenticating with the @azure/msal-node Confidential Client](#authenticating-with-the-@azure/msal-node-confidential-client).
    - [Authenticating with the @azure/msal-node On Behalf Flow](#authenticating-with-the-@azure/msal-node-on-behalf-of-flow).
    - [Authenticating with the @azure/msal-browser Public Client](#authenticating-with-the-@azure/msal-browser-public-client).
  - [Authenticating with Key Vault Certificates](#authenticating-with-key-vault-certificates)
  - [Rolling Certificates](#rolling-certificates)

>   - [Controlling User Interaction](#controlling-user-interaction)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [Control user interaction](#controlling-user-interaction)
```

  - [Persist user authentication data](#persisting-user-authentication-data)
    - [Persist the token cache](#persisting-the-token-cache)

>     - [Use a named token cache](#Using-a-named-token-cache)

Author: ```suggestion
    - [Use a named token cache](#use-a-named-token-cache)
```

>     - [Persist the authentication record](#persisting-the-authentication-record)

Author: ```suggestion
    - [Persist the authentication record](#persist-the-authentication-record)
```

    - [Silent authentication with authentication record and token cache persistence options](#silent-authentication-with-authentication-record-and-token-cache-persistence-options)
    - [Allow unencrypted storage](#allowing-unencrypted-storage)

>   - [Authenticate national clouds](#authenticating-national-clouds)

Author: ```suggestion
  - [Authenticate national clouds](#authenticate-national-clouds)
```

>   - [Persisting user authentication data](#persisting-user-authentication-data)
>     - [Persisting the token cache](#persisting-the-token-cache)
>     - [Using a named token cache](#Using-a-named-token-cache)
>     - [Persisting the Authentication Record](#persisting-the-authentication-record)
>     - [Silent authentication with Authentication Record and Token Cache Persistence Options](#silent-authentication-with-authentication-record-and-token-cache-persistence-options)
>     - [Allowing Unencrypted Storage](#allowing-unencrypted-storage)
>   - [Authenticating National Clouds](#authenticating-national-clouds)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [Persist user authentication data](#persisting-user-authentication-data)
    - [Persist the token cache](#persisting-the-token-cache)
    - [Use a named token cache](#Using-a-named-token-cache)
    - [Persist the authentication record](#persisting-the-authentication-record)
    - [Silent authentication with authentication record and token cache persistence options](#silent-authentication-with-authentication-record-and-token-cache-persistence-options)
    - [Allow unencrypted storage](#allowing-unencrypted-storage)
  - [Authenticate national clouds](#authenticating-national-clouds)
```

Then create an API at the redirect URL with the following code to access the Key Vault service.

> If you want to learn more about scopes and permissions, you can [read this](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/v2-permissions-and-consent#scopes-and-permissions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more about scopes and permissions, see [Scopes and permissions](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/v2-permissions-and-consent#scopes-and-permissions).
```

**Prerequisites**

> Install the [@azure/msal-browser][msal_browser_npm] and [@azure/core-auth][core_auth].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install the [@azure/msal-browser][msal_browser_npm] and [@azure/core-auth][core_auth] packages.
```

In this example, the custom credential type `RotatingCertificateCredential` again uses a `ClientCertificateCredential` instance to retrieve tokens. However, in this case, it will attempt to refresh the certificate before obtaining the token. The method `RefreshCertificate` will query to see if the certificate has changed. If so, it will replace `this.credential` with a new instance of the certificate credential using the same certificate path.

### Controlling User Interaction

> In many cases applications require tight control over user interaction. In these applications automatically blocking on required user interaction is often undesired or impractical. For this reason, credentials in the @azure/identity library which interact with the user offer mechanisms to fully control user interaction.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In many cases, applications require tight control over user interaction. In these applications, automatically blocking on required user interaction is often undesired or impractical. For this reason, credentials in the `@azure/identity` library which interact with the user offer mechanisms to fully control user interaction.
```

```
  const options: InteractiveBrowserCredentialOptions = {
    disableAutomaticAuthentication: true
  };
  const credential = new InteractiveBrowserCredential(options);
  await credential.authenticate("https://vault.azure.net/.default");
  const client = new SecretClient("https://key-vault-name.vault.azure.net", credential);
```

> In this sample the application is again using the `InteractiveBrowserCredential` to authenticate a SecretClient, but with two major differences from our first example. First, in this example the application is explicitly forcing any user interaction to happen before the credential is given to the client by calling `authenticate`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this sample, the application is again using the `InteractiveBrowserCredential` to authenticate a SecretClient, but with two major differences from our first example. First, in this example, the application is explicitly forcing any user interaction to happen before the credential is given to the client by calling the `authenticate` method.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: I don’t remember if this method is available both in Node and in the browser! Please help me verify. If this isn’t available in the browser, we should say that :)

Author: Yes it is available in both node and browser

> The second difference is here the application is preventing the credential from automatically initiating user interaction. Even though the application authenticates the user before the credential is used, further interaction might still be needed, for instance in the case that the user's refresh token expires, or a specific method require additional consent or authentication.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The second difference is here the application is preventing the credential from automatically initiating user interaction. Even though the application authenticates the user before the credential is used, further interaction might still be needed, for instance, in the case that the user's refresh token expires or a specific method require additional consent or authentication.
```

> By setting the option `disableAutomaticAuthentication` to `true` the credential will fail to automatically authenticate calls where user interaction is necessary. Instead, the credential will throw an error `AuthenticationRequiredError`. The following example demonstrates an application handling such an exception to prompt the user to authenticate only after some application logic has completed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By setting the option `disableAutomaticAuthentication` to `true` the credential will fail to automatically authenticate calls where user interaction is necessary. Instead, the credential will throw an error `AuthenticationRequiredError`. The following example demonstrates an application handling such an exception to prompt the user to authenticate only after some application logic has completed.
```

```

> try
> {
>     await client.getSecret("secret-name");
> }
> catch (e)
> {

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
try {
    await client.getSecret("secret-name");
} catch (e) {
```

  await ensureAnimationCompleted();

>   if(e instanceof AuthenticationRequiredError){

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  if (e.name === "AuthenticationRequiredError"){
```

    await credential.authenticate(e.scopes);

>     client.getSecret("secret-name");

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    console.log("Secret", await client.getSecret("secret-name"));
```

>   }
>   else{
>     throw (e);
>   }

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  } else {
    throw e;
  }
```

}
```

### Persisting user authentication data

> Quite often applications desire the ability to be run multiple times without having to re-authenticate the user on each execution. This requires that data from credentials be persisted outside of the application memory so that it can authenticate silently on subsequent executions. Applications can persist this data using `tokenCachePersistenceOptions` when constructing the credential, and persisting the `authenticationRecord` returned from `authenticate`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Quite often, applications desire the ability to be run multiple times without re-authenticating the user on each execution. This requires that data from credentials be persisted outside of the application memory to authenticate silently on subsequent executions. Applications can persist this data using `tokenCachePersistenceOptions` when constructing the credential and persisting the `authenticationRecord` returned from `authenticate`.
```

> #### Persisting the token cache

Reviewer 2: For this section, we should definitelly get @willmtemple ’s review :)

Author: done

> The credential handles persisting all the data needed to silently authenticate one or many accounts. It manages sensitive data such as refresh tokens and access tokens which must be protected to prevent compromising the accounts related to them. By default, the `@azure/identity` library will protect and cache sensitive token data using available platform data protection.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The credential handles persisting all the data needed to authenticate one or many accounts silently. It manages sensitive data such as refresh tokens and access tokens which must be protected to prevent compromising the accounts related to them. By default, the `@azure/identity` library will protect and cache sensitive token data using available platform data protection.
```

> To configure a credential, such as the `InteractiveBrowserCredential`, to persist token data, simply set the `tokenCachePersistenceOptions` option.

Reviewer 2: I think we should start mentioning that a separate package is necessary to enable this! Some of that package’s README should probably be necessary here: https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/main/sdk/identity/identity-cache-persistence/README.md

Author: done

```
  const options: InteractiveBrowserCredentialOptions =  {
    tokenCachePersistenceOptions: {
      enabled: true
    }
  }
  const credential = new InteractiveBrowserCredential(options);
```

#### Persisting the Authentication Record

The `AuthenticationRecord` which is returned from the `authenticate`, contains data identifying an authenticated account. It is needed to identify the appropriate entry in the persisted token cache to silently authenticate on subsequent executions. There is no sensitive data in the `AuthenticationRecord` so it can be persisted in a non-protected state.

Here is an example of an application storing the `AuthenticationRecord` to the local file system after authenticating the user.

```
import fs from "fs";
import { promisify } from "util";

> const AUTH_RECORD_PATH = "./tokencache.bin";

Reviewer 2: Will this code work? I normally like to resolve the path before I send it over. If this works, then you can skip this comment (mark it as resolved).

Reviewer 2: Same goes with all of the relative paths in the snippets of this PR!

Author: added the code to use the full path instead of relative path.

> ```
> 
> ```
> onst authRecord: AuthenticationRecord = await credential.authenticate();

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

const authRecord: AuthenticationRecord = await credential.authenticate();
```

```

In this sample, the application is again using the `InteractiveBrowserCredential` to authenticate a SecretClient, but with two major differences from our first example. First, in this example, the application is explicitly forcing any user interaction to happen before the credential is given to the client by calling the `authenticate` method.

The second difference is here the application is preventing the credential from automatically initiating user interaction. Even though the application authenticates the user before the credential is used, further interaction might still be needed, for instance, in the case that the user's refresh token expires or a specific method require additional consent or authentication.

By setting the option `disableAutomaticAuthentication` to `true` the credential will fail to automatically authenticate calls where user interaction is necessary. Instead, the credential will throw an error `AuthenticationRequiredError`. The following example demonstrates an application handling such an exception to prompt the user to authenticate only after some application logic has completed.

```
try {

>     await client.getSecret("secret-name");

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  await client.getSecret("secret-name");
```

} catch (e) {

>   await ensureAnimationCompleted();

Reviewer 2: I think I understand where you come from when you add this, but we’ve gotten feedback in the past about undefined functions or variables on our samples. Perhaps we could use a more descriptive comment instead of this function call?

Author: Yeah I took this from .NET. May be I'll just remove this

```
import { useIdentityExtension } from "@azure/identity";
import { cachePersistenceExtension } from "@azure/identity-cache-persistence";

useIdentityExtension(cachePersistenceExtension);
```

After calling `useIdentityExtension`, the persistent token cache extension is registered to the `@azure/identity` package and will be available on all credentials that support persistent token caching (those that have `tokenCachePersistenceOptions` in their constructor options).

#### Persisting the token cache

The credential handles persisting all the data needed to silently authenticate one or many accounts. It manages sensitive data such as refresh tokens and access tokens which must be protected to prevent compromising the accounts related to them. By default, the `@azure/identity` library will protect and cache sensitive token data using available platform data protection.

To configure a credential, such as the `InteractiveBrowserCredential`, to persist token data, simply set the `tokenCachePersistenceOptions` option.

```

> import { useIdentityExtension, InteractiveBrowserCredential, InteractiveBrowserCredentialOptions } from "@azure/identity";
> import { cachePersistenceExtension } from "@azure/identity-cache-persistence";
> 
> useIdentityExtension(cachePersistenceExtension);
> 
> const options: InteractiveBrowserCredentialOptions =  {
>   tokenCachePersistenceOptions: {
>     enabled: true
>   }
> }
> const credential = new InteractiveBrowserCredential(options);

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
import { useIdentityExtension, InteractiveBrowserCredential } from "@azure/identity";
import { cachePersistenceExtension } from "@azure/identity-cache-persistence";

useIdentityExtension(cachePersistenceExtension);

const credential = new InteractiveBrowserCredential({
  tokenCachePersistenceOptions: {
    enabled: true
  }
});
```

Just for simplicity. The options type may not make this clearer.

```

#### Persisting the Authentication Record

The `AuthenticationRecord` which is returned from the `authenticate`, contains data identifying an authenticated account. It is needed to identify the appropriate entry in the persisted token cache to silently authenticate on subsequent executions. There is no sensitive data in the `AuthenticationRecord` so it can be persisted in a non-protected state.

Here is an example of an application storing the `AuthenticationRecord` to the local file system after authenticating the user.

```
import fs from "fs";
import { promisify } from "util";
import path from "path";
const AUTH_RECORD_PATH = "./tokencache.bin";

const authRecord: AuthenticationRecord = await credential.authenticate();
const writeFileAsync = promisify(fs.writeFile);
const content = serializeAuthenticationRecord(authRecord);

> await writeFileAsync(path.join(process.cwd(), AUTH_RECORD_PATH), content);

Reviewer 2: Most Node versions don’t have await at this level. We tend to wrap the code of these samples in an asynchronous function, like `async function main() {`, so that you can call `await` inside of the function without problems.

Reviewer 2: Same applies for all the other cases where you’re using top-level awaits

```

#### Silent authentication with Authentication Record and Token Cache Persistence Options

Once an application has configured a credential to persist token data and an `AuthenticationRecord`, it is possible to silently authenticate. This example demonstrates an application setting the `tokenCachePersistenceOptions` and retrieving an `AuthenticationRecord` from the local file system to create an `InteractiveBrowserCredential` capable of silent authentication.

```

> import { useIdentityExtension, InteractiveBrowserCredential, InteractiveBrowserCredentialOptions } from "@azure/identity";

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
import { useIdentityExtension, InteractiveBrowserCredential } from "@azure/identity";
```

import { cachePersistenceExtension } from "@azure/identity-cache-persistence";

useIdentityExtension(cachePersistenceExtension);

const AUTH_RECORD_PATH = "./tokencache.bin";
const readFileAsync = promisify(fs.readFile);
const fileContent = await readFileAsync(path.join(process.cwd(), AUTH_RECORD_PATH),{ encoding: "utf-8" });
const authRecord: AuthenticationRecord= deserializeAuthenticationRecord(fileContent);

> const options: InteractiveBrowserCredentialOptions = {
>   tokenCachePersistenceOptions: {
>     enabled: true
>   },
>   authenticationRecord: authRecord
> };
> const credential = new InteractiveBrowserCredential(options);

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
const credential = new InteractiveBrowserCredential({
  tokenCachePersistenceOptions: {
    enabled: true
  },
  authenticationRecord: authRecord
});
```

### Persisting credentials by configuring TokenCachePersistenceOptions

Many credential implementations in the `@azure/identity` library have an underlying token cache which persists sensitive authentication data such as account information, access tokens, and refresh tokens. By default this data exists in an in memory cache which is specific to the credential instance. However, there are scenarios where an application needs persist it across executions in order to share the token cache across credentials. To accomplish this the `@azure/identity` provides the `tokenCachePersistenceOptions`.

> IMPORTANT! The token cache contains sensitive data and MUST be protected to prevent compromising accounts. All application decisions regarding the persistence of the token cache must consider that a breach of its content will fully compromise all the accounts it contains.

#### Using the default token cache

The simplest way to persist the token data for a credential is to to use the default `tokenCachePersistenceOptions`. This will persist and read token data from a shared persisted token cache protected to the current account.

```

> import { useIdentityExtension, InteractiveBrowserCredential, InteractiveBrowserCredentialOptions } from "@azure/identity";
> import { cachePersistenceExtension } from "@azure/identity-cache-persistence";
> 
> useIdentityExtension(cachePersistenceExtension);
> 
>   const options: InteractiveBrowserCredentialOptions =  {
>     tokenCachePersistenceOptions: {
>       enabled: true
>     }
>   }
>   const credential = new InteractiveBrowserCredential(options);

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
import { useIdentityExtension, InteractiveBrowserCredential } from "@azure/identity";
import { cachePersistenceExtension } from "@azure/identity-cache-persistence";

useIdentityExtension(cachePersistenceExtension);

const credential = new InteractiveBrowserCredential({
  tokenCachePersistenceOptions: {
    enabled: true
  }
});
```

This seems simple to me. And there were some extra spaces at the beginning of some lines!

Reviewer 2: Do you mind applying this change to other instances in this pull request where the options might be separated from the function that they’re being sent to? Unless separating them has some benefit I might not be seeing! Let me know.

Author: I thought if they use options they will get intellisense

```ts
import fs from "fs";
import { promisify } from "util";
import path from "path";
const AUTH_RECORD_PATH = "./tokencache.bin";

const authRecord: AuthenticationRecord = await credential.authenticate();
const writeFileAsync = promisify(fs.writeFile);
const content = serializeAuthenticationRecord(authRecord);
await writeFileAsync(path.join(process.cwd(), AUTH_RECORD_PATH), content);
```

#### Silent authentication with Authentication Record and Token Cache Persistence Options

Once an application has configured a credential to persist token data and an `AuthenticationRecord`, it is possible to silently authenticate. This example demonstrates an application setting the `tokenCachePersistenceOptions` and retrieving an `AuthenticationRecord` from the local file system to create an `InteractiveBrowserCredential` capable of silent authentication.

```ts
import { useIdentityExtension, InteractiveBrowserCredential } from "@azure/identity";
import { cachePersistenceExtension } from "@azure/identity-cache-persistence";

useIdentityExtension(cachePersistenceExtension);

const AUTH_RECORD_PATH = "./tokencache.bin";
const readFileAsync = promisify(fs.readFile);

> const fileContent = await readFileAsync(path.join(process.cwd(), AUTH_RECORD_PATH), {

Reviewer 2: remember to wrap this in a `async function main() {` to ensure it is easier for developers to copy, paste and run this

Author: done

#### Using the default token cache

The simplest way to persist the token data for a credential is to to use the default `tokenCachePersistenceOptions`. This will persist and read token data from a shared persisted token cache protected to the current account.

```ts
import { useIdentityExtension, InteractiveBrowserCredential } from "@azure/identity";
import { cachePersistenceExtension } from "@azure/identity-cache-persistence";

useIdentityExtension(cachePersistenceExtension);

const credential = new InteractiveBrowserCredential({
  tokenCachePersistenceOptions: {
    enabled: true
  }
});
```

#### Using a named token cache

Some applications may prefer to isolate the token cache they use rather than using the shared instance. To accomplish this they can specify the `tokenCachePersistenceOptions` when creating the credential and provide a `name` for the persisted cache instance.

```ts
import {
  useIdentityExtension,
  InteractiveBrowserCredential,

>   InteractiveBrowserCredentialOptions

Reviewer 2: I don’t think this is needed anymore. Unused imports will cause errors.

Reviewer 2: Same goes with the other unused imports in the other samples

Author: done

In this example, the custom credential type `RotatingCertificateCredential` again uses a `ClientCertificateCredential` instance to retrieve tokens. However, in this case, it will attempt to refresh the certificate before obtaining the token. The method `RefreshCertificate` will query to see if the certificate has changed. If so, it will replace `this.credential` with a new instance of the certificate credential using the same certificate path.

### Controlling User Interaction

> In many cases, applications require tight control over user interaction. In these applications, automatically blocking on required user interaction is often undesired or impractical. For this reason, credentials in the `@azure/identity` library which interact with the user offer mechanisms to fully control user interaction.These settings are available under `InteractiveCredentialOptions` in both node and browser.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In many cases, applications require tight control over user interaction. In these applications, automatically blocking on required user interaction is often undesired or impractical. For this reason, credentials in the `@azure/identity` library which interact with the user offer mechanisms to fully control user interaction. These settings are available under `InteractiveCredentialOptions` in both Node and the browser.
```

```ts
const credential = new InteractiveBrowserCredential({
  disableAutomaticAuthentication: true
});
await credential.authenticate("https://vault.azure.net/.default");
const client = new SecretClient("https://key-vault-name.vault.azure.net", credential);
```

> In this sample, the application is again using the `InteractiveBrowserCredential` to authenticate a SecretClient, but with two major differences from our first example. First, in this example, the application is explicitly forcing any user interaction to happen before the credential is given to the client by calling the `authenticate` method.

Reviewer 3: For what it's worth I'm not sure that it's very clear what happens when you _don't_ call `authenticate()`. We could make it clearer here by stating that when you don't call `authenticate()` to specify exactly when the auth flow should take palace, that the authentication will be requested when the client needs a token.

Author: Added

> The second difference is here the application is preventing the credential from automatically initiating user interaction. Even though the application authenticates the user before the credential is used, further interaction might still be needed, for instance, in the case that the user's refresh token expires or a specific method require additional consent or authentication.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The second difference is here the application is preventing the credential from automatically initiating user interaction. Even though the application authenticates the user before the credential is used, further interaction might still be needed, for instance, in the case that the user's refresh token expires or that a specific method requires additional consent or authentication.
```

> By setting the option `disableAutomaticAuthentication` to `true` the credential will fail to automatically authenticate calls where user interaction is necessary. Instead, the credential will throw an error `AuthenticationRequiredError`. The following example demonstrates an application handling such an exception to prompt the user to authenticate only after some application logic has completed.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
By setting the option `disableAutomaticAuthentication` to `true` the credential will fail to automatically authenticate calls where user interaction is necessary. Instead, the credential will throw an `AuthenticationRequiredError`. The following example demonstrates an application handling such an exception to prompt the user to authenticate only after some application logic has completed.
```

```ts
try {
  await client.getSecret("secret-name");
} catch (e) {
  if (e.name === "AuthenticationRequiredError") {
    await credential.authenticate(e.scopes);
    console.log("Secret", await client.getSecret("secret-name"));
  } else {
    throw e;
  }
}
```

### Persisting user authentication data

Quite often, applications desire the ability to be run multiple times without re-authenticating the user on each execution. This requires that data from credentials be persisted outside of the application memory to authenticate silently on subsequent executions. Applications can persist this data using `tokenCachePersistenceOptions` when constructing the credential and persisting the `authenticationRecord` returned from `authenticate`. In `@azure/identity` starting from v2 we need to use the package `@azure/identity-cache-persistence` that provides an extension to the identity package to enable persistent token caching. The package `@azure/identity-cache-persistence` exports an extension object that you must pass as an argument to the top-level useIdentityExtension function from the @azure/identity package. Enable token cache persistence in your program as follows:

> ```ts

Reviewer 3: I recommend including NPM install commands here:

```
$ npm install --save @azure/identity-cache-persistence
```

Author: added

import { useIdentityExtension } from "@azure/identity";
import { cachePersistenceExtension } from "@azure/identity-cache-persistence";

useIdentityExtension(cachePersistenceExtension);
```

After calling `useIdentityExtension`, the persistent token cache extension is registered to the `@azure/identity` package and will be available on all credentials that support persistent token caching (those that have `tokenCachePersistenceOptions` in their constructor options).

#### Persisting the token cache

> The credential handles persisting all the data needed to silently authenticate one or many accounts. It manages sensitive data such as refresh tokens and access tokens which must be protected to prevent compromising the accounts related to them. By default, the `@azure/identity` library will protect and cache sensitive token data using available platform data protection.

Reviewer 3: Use of the term "by default" here is misleading. `@azure/identity` will _only_ use platform data protection if `@azure/identity-cache-persistence` is configured as described above. Otherwise it will use only in-memory caching, if I understand correctly.

CC @sadasant

Author: updated

Here is an example of an application storing the `AuthenticationRecord` to the local file system after authenticating the user.

```ts
import {
  useIdentityExtension,
  InteractiveBrowserCredential,
  AuthenticationRecord,
  serializeAuthenticationRecord
} from "@azure/identity";
import { cachePersistenceExtension } from "@azure/identity-cache-persistence";
import fs from "fs";
import { promisify } from "util";
import path from "path";

useIdentityExtension(cachePersistenceExtension);

export async function main(): Promise<void> {
  const AUTH_RECORD_PATH = "./tokencache.bin";
  const credential = new InteractiveBrowserCredential({
    tokenCachePersistenceOptions: {
      enabled: true
    }
  });
  const authRecord: AuthenticationRecord = await credential.authenticate(
    "https://service/.default"
  );

>   const writeFileAsync = promisify(fs.writeFile);

Reviewer 3: I wouldn't use util.promisify here, as it's not a core part of the example. It adds extra concepts that aren't relevant to the identity features you're demonstrating, so I would just use `fs.writeFileSync`.

Author: updated

  await writeFileAsync(path.join(process.cwd(), AUTH_RECORD_PATH), content);
}

main().catch((err) => {
  console.log("error code: ", err.code);
  console.log("error message: ", err.message);
  console.log("error stack: ", err.stack);
});
```

#### Silent authentication with Authentication Record and Token Cache Persistence Options

Once an application has configured a credential to persist token data and an `AuthenticationRecord`, it is possible to silently authenticate. This example demonstrates an application setting the `tokenCachePersistenceOptions` and retrieving an `AuthenticationRecord` from the local file system to create an `InteractiveBrowserCredential` capable of silent authentication.

```ts
import {
  useIdentityExtension,
  InteractiveBrowserCredential,
  AuthenticationRecord,
  deserializeAuthenticationRecord
} from "@azure/identity";
import { cachePersistenceExtension } from "@azure/identity-cache-persistence";
import fs from "fs";
import { promisify } from "util";
import path from "path";

useIdentityExtension(cachePersistenceExtension);

export async function main(): Promise<void> {
  const AUTH_RECORD_PATH = "./tokencache.bin";

>   const readFileAsync = promisify(fs.readFile);

Reviewer 3: Same comment about not overloading concepts with `promisify`.

Author: updated

  const fileContent = await readFileAsync(path.join(process.cwd(), AUTH_RECORD_PATH), {
    encoding: "utf-8"
  });
  const authRecord: AuthenticationRecord = deserializeAuthenticationRecord(fileContent);

  const credential = new InteractiveBrowserCredential({
    tokenCachePersistenceOptions: {
      enabled: true
    },
    authenticationRecord: authRecord
  });
}

main().catch((err) => {
  console.log("error code: ", err.code);
  console.log("error message: ", err.message);

>   console.log("error stack: ", err.stack);

Reviewer 3: nit: In this sample and the others that use this format, you should call `process.exit(1)` to make it clear that the program exited unsuccessfully. This is not so important for human readers, but will make it easier to extract these for automation in the future if we go down that route.

Author: added

### Persisting credentials by configuring TokenCachePersistenceOptions

Many credential implementations in the `@azure/identity` library have an underlying token cache which persists sensitive authentication data such as account information, access tokens, and refresh tokens. By default this data exists in an in memory cache which is specific to the credential instance. However, there are scenarios where an application needs persist it across executions in order to share the token cache across credentials. To accomplish this the `@azure/identity` provides the `tokenCachePersistenceOptions`.

> IMPORTANT! The token cache contains sensitive data and MUST be protected to prevent compromising accounts. All application decisions regarding the persistence of the token cache must consider that a breach of its content will fully compromise all the accounts it contains.

> #### Using the default token cache

Reviewer 3: This is just the same sample as above when we introduce the concept of token caching for the first time, no? I don't necessarily think we need to repeat it, and it should be enough just to show how to use a named cache and explain the consequence of naming.

Author: merged with above sample

The simplest way to persist the token data for a credential is to to use the default `tokenCachePersistenceOptions`. This will persist and read token data from a shared persisted token cache protected to the current account.

```ts
import { useIdentityExtension, InteractiveBrowserCredential } from "@azure/identity";
import { cachePersistenceExtension } from "@azure/identity-cache-persistence";

useIdentityExtension(cachePersistenceExtension);

const credential = new InteractiveBrowserCredential({
  tokenCachePersistenceOptions: {
    enabled: true
  }
});
```

#### Using a named token cache

> Some applications may prefer to isolate the token cache they use rather than using the shared instance. To accomplish this they can specify the `tokenCachePersistenceOptions` when creating the credential and provide a `name` for the persisted cache instance.

Reviewer 3: Nit: "Shared instance" might be a little misleading (between what/whom?). Maybe "default token cache" is better.

Author: removed

```ts
import { useIdentityExtension, InteractiveBrowserCredential } from "@azure/identity";
import { cachePersistenceExtension } from "@azure/identity-cache-persistence";

useIdentityExtension(cachePersistenceExtension);

const credential = new InteractiveBrowserCredential({
  tokenCachePersistenceOptions: {
    enabled: true,
    name: "my_application_name"
  }
});
```

#### Allowing unencrypted storage

By default the token cache will protect any data which is persisted using the user data protection APIs available on the current platform. However, there are cases where no data protection is available, and applications may choose to still persist the token cache in an unencrypted state. This is accomplished with the `allowUnencryptedStorage` option.

```ts
import { useIdentityExtension, InteractiveBrowserCredential } from "@azure/identity";
import { cachePersistenceExtension } from "@azure/identity-cache-persistence";

useIdentityExtension(cachePersistenceExtension);

const credential = new InteractiveBrowserCredential({
  tokenCachePersistenceOptions: {
    enabled: true,
    allowUnencryptedStorage: true
  }
});
```

> By setting `allowUnencryptedStorage` to true, the credential will encrypt the contents of the token cache before persisting it if data protection is available on the current platform. If platform data protection is unavailable, it will write and read the persisted token data to an unencrypted local file ACL'd to the current account. If `allowUnencryptedStorage` is false (the default), a `CredentialUnavailableError` will be thrown in the case no data protection is available.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
By setting `allowUnencryptedStorage` to true, the credential will encrypt the contents of the token cache before persisting it if data protection is available on the current platform. If platform data protection is unavailable, it will write and read the persisted token data to an unencrypted local file with access permissions restricted to the current user. If `allowUnencryptedStorage` is false (the default), a `CredentialUnavailableError` will be thrown in the case no data protection is available.
```

"ACL'd" is a bit too informal and platform specific.

In this example, the custom credential type `RotatingCertificateCredential` again uses a `ClientCertificateCredential` instance to retrieve tokens. However, in this case, it will attempt to refresh the certificate before obtaining the token. The method `RefreshCertificate` will query to see if the certificate has changed. If so, it will replace `this.credential` with a new instance of the certificate credential using the same certificate path.

> ### Controlling User Interaction

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Control user interaction
```

> In many cases, applications require tight control over user interaction. In these applications, automatically blocking on required user interaction is often undesired or impractical. For this reason, credentials in the `@azure/identity` library which interact with the user offer mechanisms to fully control user interaction. These settings are available under `InteractiveCredentialOptions` in both Node and the browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In many cases, applications require tight control over user interaction. In these applications, automatically blocking on required user interaction is often undesired or impractical. For this reason, credentials in the `@azure/identity` library that interact with the user offer mechanisms to fully control user interaction. These settings are available under `InteractiveCredentialOptions` in both Node.js and the browser.
```

```ts
const credential = new InteractiveBrowserCredential({
  disableAutomaticAuthentication: true
});
await credential.authenticate("https://vault.azure.net/.default");
const client = new SecretClient("https://key-vault-name.vault.azure.net", credential);
```

> In this sample, the application is again using the `InteractiveBrowserCredential` to authenticate a SecretClient, but with two major differences from our first example. First, in this example, the application is explicitly forcing any user interaction to happen before the credential is given to the client by calling the `authenticate` method.
> 
> The second difference is here the application is preventing the credential from automatically initiating user interaction. Even though the application authenticates the user before the credential is used, further interaction might still be needed, for instance, in the case that the user's refresh token expires or that a specific method requires additional consent or authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the preceding sample, the application is again using the `InteractiveBrowserCredential` to authenticate a `SecretClient`. There are two major differences from our first example. In this example:

- The application is explicitly forcing any user interaction to happen before the credential is given to the client by calling the `authenticate` method.
- The application is preventing the credential from automatically initiating user interaction. Even though the application authenticates the user before the credential is used, further interaction might still be needed. For instance, in the case that the user's refresh token expires or that a specific method requires additional consent or authentication.
```

> If `disableAutomaticAuthentication` is `false` and if the user doesn’t use `authenticate()` and the user has never authenticated before, `getToken` will prompt for the user to authenticate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `disableAutomaticAuthentication` is `false`, the user doesn't use `authenticate()`, and the user has never authenticated before, `getToken` will prompt the user to authenticate.
```

> By setting the option `disableAutomaticAuthentication` to `true` the credential will fail to automatically authenticate calls where user interaction is necessary. Instead, the credential will throw an `AuthenticationRequiredError`. If the `disableAutomaticAuthentication` is set to `true` and if the user doesn’t use `authenticate()`, and the user has never authenticated before, `getToken` should fail hard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By setting the option `disableAutomaticAuthentication` to `true`, the credential will fail to automatically authenticate calls in which user interaction is necessary. Instead, the credential will throw an `AuthenticationRequiredError`. If the `disableAutomaticAuthentication` is set to `true`, the user doesn’t use `authenticate()`, and the user has never authenticated before, `getToken` should fail hard.
```

The following example demonstrates an application handling such an exception to prompt the user to authenticate only after some application logic has completed.

```ts
try {
  await client.getSecret("secret-name");
} catch (e) {
  if (e.name === "AuthenticationRequiredError") {
    await credential.authenticate(e.scopes);
    console.log("Secret", await client.getSecret("secret-name"));
  } else {
    throw e;
  }
}
```

> ### Persisting user authentication data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Persist user authentication data
```

Quite often, applications desire the ability to be run multiple times without re-authenticating the user on each execution. This requires that data from credentials be persisted outside of the application memory to authenticate silently on subsequent executions. Applications can persist this data using `tokenCachePersistenceOptions` when constructing the credential and persisting the `authenticationRecord` returned from `authenticate`.

> Many credential implementations in the `@azure/identity` library have an underlying token cache which persists sensitive authentication data such as account information, access tokens, and refresh tokens. By default this data exists in an in memory cache which is specific to the credential instance. However, there are scenarios where an application needs persist it across executions in order to share the token cache across credentials. To accomplish this the `@azure/identity` provides the `tokenCachePersistenceOptions`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Many credential implementations in the `@azure/identity` library have an underlying token cache that persists sensitive authentication data such as account information, access tokens, and refresh tokens. By default, this data exists in an in-memory cache, which is specific to the credential instance. However, there are scenarios in which an application needs to persist it across executions to share the token cache across credentials. To accomplish this, the `@azure/identity` library provides the `tokenCachePersistenceOptions`.
```

> IMPORTANT! The token cache contains sensitive data and MUST be protected to prevent compromising accounts. All application decisions regarding the persistence of the token cache must consider that a breach of its content will fully compromise all the accounts it contains.

> In `@azure/identity` starting from v2 we need to use the package `@azure/identity-cache-persistence` that provides an extension to the identity package to enable persistent token caching. The package `@azure/identity-cache-persistence` exports an extension object that you must pass as an argument to the top-level `useIdentityExtension` function from the `@azure/identity` package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting in version 2 of `@azure/identity`, the `@azure/identity-cache-persistence` package can be used. This package provides an extension to the `@azure/identity` package to enable persistent token caching. The package `@azure/identity-cache-persistence` exports an extension object that you must pass as an argument to the top-level `useIdentityExtension` function from the `@azure/identity` package.
```

```

> $ npm install --save @azure/identity-cache-persistence

Reviewer: ```suggestion
npm install --save @azure/identity-cache-persistence
```

```

> Enable token cache persistence in your program as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable token cache persistence in your application as follows:
```

```ts
import { useIdentityExtension } from "@azure/identity";
import { cachePersistenceExtension } from "@azure/identity-cache-persistence";

useIdentityExtension(cachePersistenceExtension);
```

After calling `useIdentityExtension`, the persistent token cache extension is registered to the `@azure/identity` package and will be available on all credentials that support persistent token caching (those that have `tokenCachePersistenceOptions` in their constructor options).

> #### Persisting the token cache

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Persist the token cache
```

> The credential handles persisting all the data needed to silently authenticate one or many accounts. It manages sensitive data such as refresh tokens and access tokens which must be protected to prevent compromising the accounts related to them. The `@azure/identity` library will protect and cache sensitive token data using available platform data protection if `@azure/identity-cache-persistence` is configured. Otherwise it will use only in-memory caching.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The credential handles persisting all the data needed to silently authenticate one or many accounts. It manages sensitive data, such as refresh tokens and access tokens, which must be protected to prevent compromising the accounts related to them. The `@azure/identity` library will protect and cache sensitive token data, using available platform data protection, if `@azure/identity-cache-persistence` is configured. Otherwise, it will use only in-memory caching.
```

> To configure a credential, such as the `InteractiveBrowserCredential`, to persist token data, simply set the `tokenCachePersistenceOptions` option. The simplest way to persist the token data for a credential is to to use the default `tokenCachePersistenceOptions`. This will persist and read token data from a shared persisted token cache protected to the current account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure a credential, such as the `InteractiveBrowserCredential`, to persist token data, set the `tokenCachePersistenceOptions` option. The simplest way to persist the token data for a credential is to use the default `tokenCachePersistenceOptions`. This will persist and read token data from a shared persisted token cache protected to the current account.
```

```ts
import { useIdentityExtension, InteractiveBrowserCredential } from "@azure/identity";
import { cachePersistenceExtension } from "@azure/identity-cache-persistence";

useIdentityExtension(cachePersistenceExtension);

const credential = new InteractiveBrowserCredential({
  tokenCachePersistenceOptions: {
    enabled: true
  }
});
```

> #### Using a named token cache

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Use a named token cache
```

> Some applications may prefer to isolate the token cache they use and provide a unique identifier, instead of using the default. To accomplish this they can specify the `tokenCachePersistenceOptions` when creating the credential and provide a `name` for the persisted cache instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some applications may prefer to isolate the token cache they use and provide a unique identifier, instead of using the default. To accomplish this, they can specify the `tokenCachePersistenceOptions` when creating the credential and provide a `name` for the persisted cache instance.
```

```ts
const credential = new InteractiveBrowserCredential({
  tokenCachePersistenceOptions: {
    enabled: true,
    name: "my_application_name"
  }
});
```

> #### Persisting the Authentication Record

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Persist the authentication record
```

> The `AuthenticationRecord` which is returned from the `authenticate`, contains data identifying an authenticated account. It is needed to identify the appropriate entry in the persisted token cache to silently authenticate on subsequent executions. There is no sensitive data in the `AuthenticationRecord` so it can be persisted in a non-protected state. Ensure that you pass in the appropriate scopes for your service to `authenticate` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `AuthenticationRecord` which is returned from the `authenticate`, contains data identifying an authenticated account. It's needed to identify the appropriate entry in the persisted token cache to silently authenticate on subsequent executions. There's no sensitive data in the `AuthenticationRecord`, so it can be persisted in a non-protected state. Ensure that you pass the appropriate scopes for your service to the `authenticate` method.
```

> Here is an example of an application storing the `AuthenticationRecord` to the local file system after authenticating the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example stores the `AuthenticationRecord` to the local file system after authenticating the user:
```

```ts
import {
  useIdentityExtension,
  InteractiveBrowserCredential,
  AuthenticationRecord,
  serializeAuthenticationRecord
} from "@azure/identity";
import { cachePersistenceExtension } from "@azure/identity-cache-persistence";
import { writeFileSync } from "fs";
import path from "path";

useIdentityExtension(cachePersistenceExtension);

export async function main(): Promise<void> {
  const AUTH_RECORD_PATH = "./tokencache.bin";
  const credential = new InteractiveBrowserCredential({
    tokenCachePersistenceOptions: {
      enabled: true
    }
  });
  const authRecord: AuthenticationRecord = await credential.authenticate(
    "https://service/.default"
  );
  const content = serializeAuthenticationRecord(authRecord);
  writeFileSsync(path.join(process.cwd(), AUTH_RECORD_PATH), content);
}

main().catch((err) => {
  console.log("error code: ", err.code);
  console.log("error message: ", err.message);
  console.log("error stack: ", err.stack);
  process.exit(1);
});
```

> #### Silent authentication with Authentication Record and Token Cache Persistence Options

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Silent authentication with authentication record and token cache persistence options
```

> Once an application has configured a credential to persist token data and an `AuthenticationRecord`, it is possible to silently authenticate. This example demonstrates an application setting the `tokenCachePersistenceOptions` and retrieving an `AuthenticationRecord` from the local file system to create an `InteractiveBrowserCredential` capable of silent authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once an application has configured a credential to persist token data and an `AuthenticationRecord`, it's possible to silently authenticate. The following example demonstrates setting the `tokenCachePersistenceOptions` and retrieving an `AuthenticationRecord` from the local file system to create an `InteractiveBrowserCredential` capable of silent authentication.
```

```ts
import {
  useIdentityExtension,
  InteractiveBrowserCredential,
  AuthenticationRecord,
  deserializeAuthenticationRecord
} from "@azure/identity";
import { cachePersistenceExtension } from "@azure/identity-cache-persistence";
import { readFileSync } from "fs";
import path from "path";

useIdentityExtension(cachePersistenceExtension);

export async function main(): Promise<void> {
  const AUTH_RECORD_PATH = "./tokencache.bin";
  const fileContent = readFileSync(path.join(process.cwd(), AUTH_RECORD_PATH), {
    encoding: "utf-8"
  });
  const authRecord: AuthenticationRecord = deserializeAuthenticationRecord(fileContent);

  const credential = new InteractiveBrowserCredential({
    tokenCachePersistenceOptions: {
      enabled: true
    },
    authenticationRecord: authRecord
  });
}

main().catch((err) => {
  console.log("error code: ", err.code);
  console.log("error message: ", err.message);
  console.log("error stack: ", err.stack);
  process.exit(1);
});
```

> The credential created in this example will silently authenticate given that a valid token for corresponding to the `AuthenticationRecord` still exists in the persisted token data. There are some cases where interaction will still be required such as on token expiry, or when additional authentication is required for a particular resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The credential created in the preceding example will silently authenticate, given that a valid token corresponding to the `AuthenticationRecord` still exists in the persisted token data. There are some cases where interaction will still be required, such as on token expiry or when additional authentication is required for a particular resource.
```

> #### Allowing unencrypted storage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Allow unencrypted storage
```

> By default the token cache will protect any data which is persisted using the user data protection APIs available on the current platform. However, there are cases where no data protection is available, and applications may choose to still persist the token cache in an unencrypted state. This is accomplished with the `allowUnencryptedStorage` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the token cache will protect any data that is persisted using the user data protection APIs available on the current platform. However, there are cases where no data protection is available, and applications may choose to still persist the token cache in an unencrypted state. This is accomplished with the `allowUnencryptedStorage` option.
```

```ts
import { useIdentityExtension, InteractiveBrowserCredential } from "@azure/identity";
import { cachePersistenceExtension } from "@azure/identity-cache-persistence";

useIdentityExtension(cachePersistenceExtension);

const credential = new InteractiveBrowserCredential({
  tokenCachePersistenceOptions: {
    enabled: true,
    allowUnencryptedStorage: true
  }
});
```

> By setting `allowUnencryptedStorage` to true, the credential will encrypt the contents of the token cache before persisting it if data protection is available on the current platform. If platform data protection is unavailable, it will write and read the persisted token data to an unencrypted local file with access permissions restricted to the current user. If `allowUnencryptedStorage` is false (the default), a `CredentialUnavailableError` will be thrown in the case no data protection is available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By setting `allowUnencryptedStorage` to `true`, the credential will encrypt the contents of the token cache before persisting it, if data protection is available on the current platform. If platform data protection is unavailable, it will write and read the persisted token data to an unencrypted local file with access permissions restricted to the current user. If `allowUnencryptedStorage` is `false` (the default), a `CredentialUnavailableError` will be thrown in the case that no data protection is available.
```

> ### Authenticating National Clouds

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Authenticate national clouds
```

National clouds are physically isolated instances of Azure. These regions of Azure are designed to make sure that data residency, sovereignty, and compliance requirements are honored within geographical boundaries. Including the global cloud, Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) is deployed in the following national clouds:

- Azure Government
- Azure Germany
- Azure China 21Vianet

> All credentials have `authorityHost` as a setting in the constructor at some level. In order to authenticate for various national cloud or a private cloud, we can send the most appropriate `authorityHost`. We provide a set of common values through the `AzureAuthorityHosts` interface. So, for the US Government cloud, you could instantiate a credential this way:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All credentials have `authorityHost` as a setting in the constructor at some level. To authenticate for various national cloud or a private cloud, we can send the most appropriate `authorityHost`. We provide a set of common values through the `AzureAuthorityHosts` interface. So, for the US Government cloud, you could instantiate a credential this way:
```

```ts
const identity = require("@azure/identity");
const credential = new identity.ClientSecretCredential({
  authorityHost: identity.AzureAuthorityHosts.AzureGovernment
});
```

> Common values we provide through the `AzureAuthorityHosts` are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table shows common values provided through the `AzureAuthorityHosts`.

```

| National Cloud | Azure AD authentication endpoint | AzureAuthorityHost |
| ----------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------- |
| Azure AD for US Government | https://login.microsoftonline.us | `AzureAuthorityHosts.AzureGovernment` |
| Azure AD Germany | https://login.microsoftonline.de | `AzureAuthorityHosts.AzureGermany` |
| Azure AD China operated by 21Vianet | https://login.partner.microsoftonline.cn | `AzureAuthorityHosts.AzureChina` |
| Azure AD (global service) | https://login.microsoftonline.com | `AzureAuthorityHosts.AzurePublicCloud` |

> To learn more about Azure Authentication for National Clouds, you can [read this](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/authentication-national-cloud).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more about Azure Authentication for National Clouds, see [National clouds](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/authentication-national-cloud).
```

```ts
const credential = new InteractiveBrowserCredential({
  disableAutomaticAuthentication: true
});
await credential.authenticate("https://vault.azure.net/.default");
const client = new SecretClient("https://key-vault-name.vault.azure.net", credential);
```

In the preceding sample, the application is again using the `InteractiveBrowserCredential` to authenticate a `SecretClient`. There are two major differences from our first example. In this example:

- The application is explicitly forcing any user interaction to happen before the credential is given to the client by calling the `authenticate` method.
- The application is preventing the credential from automatically initiating user interaction. Even though the application authenticates the user before the credential is used, further interaction might still be needed. For instance, in the case that the user's refresh token expires or that a specific method requires additional consent or authentication.

If `disableAutomaticAuthentication` is `false`, the user doesn't use `authenticate()`, and the user has never authenticated before, `getToken` will prompt the user to authenticate.

> By setting the option `disableAutomaticAuthentication` to `true`, the credential will fail to automatically authenticate calls in which user interaction is necessary. Instead, the credential will throw an `AuthenticationRequiredError`. If the `disableAutomaticAuthentication` is set to `true`, the user doesn’t use `authenticate()`, and the user has never authenticated before, `getToken` should fail hard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By setting the option `disableAutomaticAuthentication` to `true`, the credential will fail to automatically authenticate calls in which user interaction is necessary. Instead, the credential will throw an `AuthenticationRequiredError`. If `disableAutomaticAuthentication` is set to `true`, the user doesn't use `authenticate()`, and the user has never authenticated before, `getToken` should fail hard.
```

To configure a credential, such as the `InteractiveBrowserCredential`, to persist token data, set the `tokenCachePersistenceOptions` option. The simplest way to persist the token data for a credential is to use the default `tokenCachePersistenceOptions`. This will persist and read token data from a shared persisted token cache protected to the current account.

```ts
import { useIdentityExtension, InteractiveBrowserCredential } from "@azure/identity";
import { cachePersistenceExtension } from "@azure/identity-cache-persistence";

useIdentityExtension(cachePersistenceExtension);

const credential = new InteractiveBrowserCredential({
  tokenCachePersistenceOptions: {
    enabled: true
  }
});
```

#### Use a named token cache

> Some applications may prefer to isolate the token cache they use and provide a unique identifier, instead of using the default. To accomplish this, they can specify the `tokenCachePersistenceOptions` when creating the credential and provide a `name` for the persisted cache instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some applications may prefer to isolate the token cache they use and provide a unique identifier, instead of using the default. To accomplish this, specify the `tokenCachePersistenceOptions` when creating the credential and provide a `name` for the persisted cache instance.
```

```ts
const identity = require("@azure/identity");
const credential = new identity.ClientSecretCredential({
  authorityHost: identity.AzureAuthorityHosts.AzureGovernment
});
```

Common values we provide through the `AzureAuthorityHosts` are:
| National Cloud | Azure AD authentication endpoint | AzureAuthorityHost |
| ----------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------- |
| Azure AD for US Government | https://login.microsoftonline.us | `AzureAuthorityHosts.AzureGovernment` |
| Azure AD Germany | https://login.microsoftonline.de | `AzureAuthorityHosts.AzureGermany` |
| Azure AD China operated by 21Vianet | https://login.partner.microsoftonline.cn | `AzureAuthorityHosts.AzureChina` |
| Azure AD (global service) | https://login.microsoftonline.com | `AzureAuthorityHosts.AzurePublicCloud` |

> 
> |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

nit

Author: Updated
